Hey, what's up guys?
Welcome to our van tour. I'm Trent. I'm Ally and together. We are TNT MTV
Together so we really learned from the first fan and what we liked and what we wanted to change made a bunch of modifications
You can check out our first van tour of the other vans layout which was totally different. We'll have a link somewhere
After living in that van, we realized we're gonna do this full-time
We wanted something a little bit bigger something that we could put the bikes inside the vehicle for a little bit extra security
so now we've got
Pamela van der suits the biggest Promaster they make
Extended one hundred and fifty nine inch wheelbase
This fan is meant to accommodate
full-time living in four seasons doing
multiple different types of recreational activities
and
Also being able to accommodate working professionally full-time as well won't y'all come inside and take a look around
This is the cab of the Promaster if you've been in any of the pro masters, or see any of the videos
If you check out our old tour of the video
They're all the same
They might have one feature here and there this one's got like cruise control, which is pretty important
they all have defrosting mirrors these mirrors don't power fold, but
it's a
Pretty nice cab. A lot of cup holders a lot of little cubbies. It's got like two glove boxes
Pro Master's actually front wheel drive comes with a Chrysler v6
I think it's like the same v6 they put in some of the minivans so it's cheap to fix
Pretty much any mechanic can work on it. That's some of the reasons to be one with the Promaster. Also, it's lower center gravity
That's turning radius. Yeah, it's a gasoline engine so you don't have to worry about getting good or bad diesel
so one thing that it did change about this van is I put a modular center console that goes in
in between the front seats
makes it so that you have somewhat of a little table to like eat on or have a drink or something like that while you're
driving all these cupholders in here like pretty down and far out of the way and there's nowhere to really put like a
Sandwich or like a snack or like chips and salsa or something like that. So let me show you how this unfolds
This is the table here
Just regular RV table post
that goes down there and
There you go you can put
Bone sandwich drink whatever you want long as you're not going down some windy turn erodes
Stuffs probably not gonna slide off of there if it does. Oh,
Well, that's pretty much it for the cab. We have a swivel seat here for the passenger and the driver doesn't swivel because
Showers in the way, let's get back to the meat and potatoes of this operation
All right. So this is the swivel seat that I was talking about
When the center console is up, you can actually rotate this and do work on the center console or eat here kind of a double
Use space just like in all the pro masters you have this over the cab shelf
We have a lot of stuff that's stored up here we have the Sun shades for the front windows
This black drape actually hangs down to section off the cab
Really helps you be able to control and regulate the temperature of the cab by putting that curtain down
When you're driving or at night?
We put it down to block out light or if anybody else from seeing in when we're in the back
We have like some tools a lot of different jackets
Spare parts toes strap extra gas can everything all fits up here. So really convenient space
So when you first open up the door in the van
Obviously you see this big white curtain
This is our shower
We have the Holtz Brook axe mounted above the shower in case we need to chop down trees
Or make firewood or whatever
So opening up the shower
The shower was one of those things where we wanted to have a place to shower after mountain biking or hiking
Things like that when you're living in a van you get dirty and stinky and that's fine
But it's really nice to be able to clean yourself off
and in the last van we used a solar shower where
You shower outside but you usually like standing in the dirt
And so when you're cleaning yourself your feet are still
Getting dirty and it's cold and you're in public it just it created a lot of problems or presented a lot of problems for us
So we decided to section off a big chunk of this van and turn it into a shower bathroom slash storage area
so one of the first things
Is this cabinet right here?
Or this shelf
hangs in there holds extra towels
extra clothes a lot of Frank's stuff
I think there's what six shelves in here three of them have drawers and then there's these pockets on the side
That's a huge amount of storage that we have there
So we also have our garbage can which is pretty big or a rubbish bin, whatever you call it wherever you're from
and then
This is the Porta Potty it's a Dometic porta potti five-gallon
And
also
Drinks water dish lives in here and Frank's toys
Now when you get in here fully
It's nice and big and you can do whatever you want. You can fit two people in here if you want you could both shower
It's got a removable showerhead so you can clean all around your body
Also a couple towel racks soap dispenser that's on the wall
We put one of these foam noodles that's cut down the middle
Over the handles so that you don't accidentally bump one of the handles and then it turns the water on because that's super annoying
Yeah, that's pretty much the shower
Has its own light
This is our kitchen it's nice and compact but it does literally everything we could have ever asked for it's
Completely different than the last kitchen in the last van that we had we decided
To put it in front of the slider door instead of where most vans traditionally how their kitchen is behind the the driver seat
we just thought this was a much more efficient use of our space and allows us to have a
Toilet and a shower and just like a lot more
Stuff over there
The kitchen here has a countertop made out of it was a big butcher block of untreated maple that we got from Home Depot
We made
Trent made
All the cuts himself and we epoxy
The top so it's a nice gloss finish. It's very durable and tough
Which is exactly what we needed for all the torture. We put our kitchen through. We love to cook we needed something
Very resilient over here
We have a nice wide deep stainless steel sink and then a couple nice stainless steel appliances
So this is our water
Just lovely
This van actually has hot water which was a huge upgrade for me. I'm really happy about that
There's a nice retractable hose in this faucet
And then over here one of our major
Improvements or additions from the last van is we wanted to have filtered drinking water so we can fill up
From anywhere we want
you know a dirty river in Mexico or
someone's backyard hose and there's a three canister filtration system to
Purify water for us that can be safe for drinking. So I
Forget what it what it filters out. It's like bacteria protozoa
parasites viruses
It was like the the most heavy-duty water filtration system we could afford basically and that's
nice
powerful stream
and
Has been extremely useful so far. We also decided to install a little handheld soap dispenser, right?
There so we use. Dr. Bronner's biodegradable eco-friendly soap
But it's nice to just have that
All right in the same spot and not have to always be reaching under the sink or looking for the soap somewhere else
So those are our nice clean
useful
Kitchen area appliances. Okay, so moving down across the the kitchen countertop
This is a nice useful cutting board space meal prep food prep area
but um our last bin we had an induction cooktop that we had to pull out and
Plug in every time we wanted to cook and we decided we really need
some type of
permanently mounted
stovetop or oven
combination so I
Put in a wish list and Trent comes out with all of my requests perfectly assembled. We have a latch over here and
then this actually lifts right up and
There's a latch up here in the corner to keep it from coming back down
There's a light in this corner
Which is nice and dimmable
for if someone is
Sleeping and you don't want to wake them. You can have nice quiet lighting over here. And then you have a three burner propane stove
This is amazing. I'm
Super excited about this. So this three burner propane stove also is attached to an oven
So right here, we have a nice wide oven space
for cookies bruschetta
casseroles um
We do a lot of baking and cooking. So kind of whatever our heart desires behind the
Counter top over here. We have a really nice spice rack
That was built right into the wall of the side of the van that has been
Really nice actually just to be able to see the spices all the time and know exactly what you need
Instead of having a dig through a spice rack and then below the countertop
There are a bunch of different cabinets where all of our pots and pans
silverware cups plates and
cleaning stuff under the sink
All live everything has its own spot everything fits perfectly
Above the kitchen we have two upper cabinets
The doors are secured with these little push button locks. So when they're pushed in they're locked. You can't you can't open them?
You push them in the knob comes out and that's what you can pull
To access the inside of the cabinets. It's just kind of like our pantry for
what we need to
Munch on for snacks and use while we're cooking
they have nice gas struts to help them stay open so that you don't need to be like balancing the
Cabinet door on your head while you're digging through
and then they just easily close and stay locked with the push of a button so
our storage under the sink is
Pretty plentiful this first drawer is all of our cleaning supplies. We have all of our dishes and
cups and mugs
Everything is in a secured
cloth lined container wherever possible
So that minimizes any rattling while we're driving this last drawer under the sink is for all of our toiletries
So my toiletries trent's some makeup
Maybe like some lotion
it's pretty incredible how much you realize you don't actually need to take with you when you're
Living on the road and trying to be space efficient
So all of our toiletries everything that we could ever possibly need fits in that small drawer
We have one big drawer under the stove and oven combo that holds all of our pots and pans. So
Here we have
cutting boards mixing bowls couple different pots and pans
colander for making pasta our coffee grinder
Baking trays and it's funny. We don't even use
All of these we thought we needed one of each size. We tried to pare down
We still only use like two of these on the other side of the kitchen is the refrigerator
we have a lot of space a
nice drawer that pulls out
To put fresh produce in and then the biggest upgrade for this fridge is that there's its own designated freezer space
We like to make a lot of smoothies. We also like to eat a lot of ice cream
So that was important and the freezer works quite well without using a ton of energy
Above the fridge is kind of a hidden drawer. So this actually pulls out and
holds all of our silverware knives
kind of like table spoon lighters
Spatula scissors measuring cups and it just slides right back in
Pretty invisible. So when we designed this man, we knew that we wanted a stationary bed and
The last band we have like a modular bed that turned into like a little booth where you could work and eat we didn't want
To give up the space where you eat and where you work, but we didn't want to have to you know
Change the bed around every time we wanted to go to bed or every day when we wake up
So we made a stationary platform bed
Frank's enjoying it right now
but we also made this little booth area where we could sit facing each other which we found to be very
important where you can make a lot of eye to eye contact while you're eating
And then we designed this table here
It's on 500 pound drawer slide hinges or drawer slides 500 pound drawer slides
There's no way that these things would hold 500 pounds, but that's what it said
They were gonna hold so we know it's really sturdy really sturdy and secure
You can sit three people here comfortably and eat we can work. There's plenty of outlets around here to plug our laptops in
It worked out really well
Now when we set up these two booths or these two benches that create the booth
We wanted to have a lot of storage. We have a lot of different things that need to go in different places
This side of the bench here I
Created storage where we have extra towels blankets
A lot of our camera gear little shelfs that have all the charging stations for all of our electronics
Also has our weboost
mobile cell booster and
Pretty much anything else that just randomly needs to be shoved somewhere
It goes into this side of the bench this side of the bench is kind of like a utility cabinet
As you can see down here
this black grate
is actually our furnace it's a propane powered furnace runs off the same propane tank that the oven and the stove run off of
So since I was gonna take up so much space underneath this cabinet
This is also the cabinet that we put the instant
Propane water heater in so this is kind of like your utility closet
We do shove extra shoes things like that
That doesn't matter if they get a little bit warm in this cabinet
But this cabinets just kind of an open dry space for the utilities mainly being the furnace and the water heater
One thing we learned from our last van after spending so much time in it
A lot of people overlook the fact that you need a space for your dirty clothes to go your dirty laundry
And especially when you're out mountain biking and things are getting sweaty and dirty and gross
The last thing you want is to put your dirty clothes by your clean clothes or in your living space
Or around where you're cooking or eating so we actually made a desert
Laundry chute and we have a Patagonia black hole duffel, which is like an almost waterproof duffel bag
We put all the dirty clothes in there. It's locked away in
What's basically our garage, but it's also in that waterproof bag. So that nothing gets gross from our dirty clothes
Underneath the table. We've got a storage cabinet
you can probably hear the fan from our
Charge controller going crazy right now because we're pumping out a lot of solar energy
This is what we keep the Blendtec's where we keep the coffeemaker
random odds and ends
In the very back of here. There's a false panel in the back. That's where all of our fuses or breakers a charge controller
Pretty much everything that's electrical other than the inverter and the batteries is behind that panel now this
plywood right here underneath here is to
350 amp our
V-max tanks deep cycle batteries. That means we have 700 amp hours of battery power
which means we'll pretty much never run out unless we
Are crazy and use like multiple space heaters for hours on end or something like that?
It's a major overkill for what we need
But if you've ever had a van or a battery bank that runs out of electricity when you need it
You know that overkill is almost a necessity in situations like this
Just to the right of that cabinet over here
pretty much in-between the two batteries and the furnace is where
Our inverter is located. It's an Ames power
2000 watt inverter charger and that thing is money if you're looking for an inverter, that's the inverter to get
In the description below we'll put links to pretty much everything
So if you just scroll down you'll see a link to pick up pretty much every product in this van
I would say 90% of everything in here except for wood came off of Amazon
So we'll put links to everything so you guys can check them out and see if you want to pick some stuff up
Okay, so down here below the driver's side bench. We also have a propane detector
that's really important since the furnace and the hot water and the
Oven and stovetop are all run on propane
We want to make sure we're not at risk of blowing ourselves up and then over here
We have a carbon monoxide detector as well
Also just really important if you're going to be living in a van
Or any contained space to have some safety precautions set up. We have a nice little wall clock. It's those tiny cute
Decorative touches that make the space feel livable and like a home
Over here. We have a paper towel dispenser. Um
Which is a ratcheting paper towel dispenser. So the the towels don't unravel while we're driving
That's really nice and handy for right next to the cooking area above that
There's this little shelf of four different airtight containers. These have been awesome actually
To just store spices or coffee. We drink a lot of coffee. Um
flour sugar
stuff that we use
Frequently that we just want to have quick access to for for cooking above the driver's-side bench
We have this nice little alcove of storage which is cute but also very functional
We realized in our last fan especially if we're going to be mountain biking or going outside playing hard
We need to be able to air out our clothes because they get kind of stinky, but we want to reuse them
Which is gross but realistic, so we installed a bunch of hooks this time. So there
There are four hooks up here that are nice for airing out clothes or just hanging kind of whatever needs to be hung up
It's just nice a nice way to add some more storage in a small space and then over here again. There are some more hooks
and
A little shelf that we can put phones in and stuff at night while they're charging close to the bed kinda
That's basically our nightstand over here. We also have our
Thermostat, so this is a huge upgrade. We have a propane run furnace
And then we have this thermostat that keeps it temperature controlled
So we have it set right now to kick on if it ever dips below 55 degrees Fahrenheit which helps?
If we're camping in the mountains or we're out somewhere where it's warm during the day and cold at night
We know that we were going to be nice and cozy sleeping
It's also really nice in the wintertime if we want to go snowboarding or skiing
We can be sleeping in the snow and still be just as warm and comfortable we decided to go with a 5 inch
memory foam mattress we're both pretty tall and
5-7 Trent is like 6 1 and we have full clearance. We can spread out our toes don't touch we have
our all of our clothing storage
So kind of his and hers style cabinets. This is Trent's side
This is my side
We have a couple little baskets to hold like socks and underwear and small clothes
and then everything else is just
Supposedly neatly folded and tucked away it gets a little crowded in here
But honestly, this is pretty much all the storage space we need
Installed a dual USB charger right here next to the bed so we can charge our phones while we sleep
And then this is actually the light switch turns lights off and on and it's on a dimmer, too
So this will actually give the lights
Or brighten the lights back up
This here is the max air fan remote
You can do anything on this remote that you can do on the fan itself
You can set the thermostat on here so that it'll open and start circulating air at a certain temperature
We learned from traveling in the heat of the summer in our last man that windows and air
Circulation were really important if you were going to live in a van full-time back here
These two back windows were part of the van when we bought it
They don't open but we did install this motion windows sliding window
The head of our bed and this has been really clutch
For when you're hot at night and you need a little bit of air circulation you just slide this window
open or closed and
then having the remote control for the fan right next to our head makes it easy to open up the fan and
circulate that air creates an amazing wind tunnel that really cools down the van very quickly Trent also installed a
Window on the slider door. It's a CR Lawrence and the bottom panel on one side of it opens
So while we're cooking there's a little bit of extra air circulation there when you have all the windows open
The head of the bed the slider door and the fan
Circulating as well air moves quickly and keeps it nice and fresh really comfortable in here
alright, so located above the fridge and above the silverware drawer is
Our hanging wardrobe. We wanted to have a place where we could hang clothes to keep them
mostly wrinkle free
This is also where our fire extinguisher is stored
Yeah, that's the hanging wardrobe
Alright guys that pretty much does it for the inside of the van I think we've gone over every nook and cranny
There's any questions let us know but I think we've covered everything except for the garage
So let's jump around to the back of the van. I'll show you where the bikes go all of our dirty storage things like that
Alright, so this is the back of the van
Main reason that we did a platform bed was so that we could store the bikes
Underneath inside the van where we can lock it in the last van
We had people try to steal our bikes off the bike rack
While we were sleeping inside like right outside our back door not like made us feel really
Uneasy since mountain bikes are pretty expensive. So
We built this bed. Just high enough to fit both bikes inside. This is Ali's Santa Cruz Bronson
This is my Yeti SB 5.5 which is a 29. Er
with the front wheels off they mount on these fork mounts and
My front tire stores over here and her front tire stores on this side
So since we had to make the bed this tall in order to fit those bikes it really opens up a lot of storage
Well, you probably can't see
This lower compartment only goes in here maybe a foot and a half and the upper compartment goes all the way in
this is a spare picnic table or
Workbench or whatever it needs to be that we carry around
Normally, we'll have some camp chairs and then just extra storage space for larger items is kind of located here
But from here to that back wall underneath there is the 33 gallon freshwater tank
We kept the freshwater tank inside the vehicle so that in cold climates the water didn't freeze and we don't have any issues with that
This is also spare parts for the bikes
bike tools case we need to work on something on this side we've got
Both of our SI sucker bike racks
a couple different hydration packs
For mountain biking and hiking
Some more spare bike parts
Now
My tire comes out my helmet hangs here
Some knee pads Ally's helmet
this
ladder right here is a
collapsible
Eight-foot ladder or nine foot eight or nine foot. I don't remember big enough to get on top of the van
That's all we really need it for
Then there's also a collapsible bike stand that's in there
In the very back
That's where our laundry is. If you remember from inside the van when you open up that little laundry chute
This is the back of that cabinet also the inverter and the water pump and water filtration
System is all located in there as well. So not the pretty part of the van. This is definitely the utility oriented
part of the van
But everything's got its own little space in here helps us keep everything organized
So we installed one of these hanging shoe racks and we use it for
mountain bike shoes chain lube
sunglasses rags
Basically anything we need when we're getting ready to go biking
So you grab your shoes and your pads and your hydration pack pull the bikes out and you're ready to go
And I think that's about it for the back
For the garage and I think pretty much the only other things that we have that are outside is
the
Weboost RV cell booster. It's that white antenna
That's what actually receives the weak signal and then it boosts it and repeats it to an antenna that's inside the vehicle
Which is located inside that electronics
cabinet under the passenger side bench
Then we have the two solar panels
there 24 volt
280 watt solar panels so wired in series is 48 volts and 560 watts, which is definitely
Overkill, but like I've said before
Overkill's and necessity when you're living in a van and you don't want to run out of electricity because you need it
Blue cheese stuffed olives. Mmm
Davina
Well, we want to thank you guys for watching our van tour number 2 to Pamela Anderson's debut on YouTube
If you guys want to subscribe to the channel
You can follow us around on our adventures
We put out a lot of exciting content
We try we try maybe it's not it's not I don't know
If you subscribe, it really helps us out. You just click the little button that says subscribe
Right below the video
If you want to do that right now
We'll wait. Well, we'll pick up
You know where we left off as soon as you get done clicking that?
Now that you've clicked that there's a little bell that's actually next to the subscribe button that turns on notifications
and then YouTube will actually
when we post videos instead of you having to like look us up or search for it or
Occasionally it'll recommend a video click that bell right now then you'll get like a notification
It'll tell you when we post videos so you can watch all of them. And then if you could just like the video
That would be great too. And then like every other video of ours that you watch also
I know it gets really broken record. It's kind of annoying but it helps us out and
All you got to do is click your mouse. So why not? We're gonna be traveling around
the United States and
Mountain biking hiking running climbing
yoga
all of the outdoor things
If we're near you we'd love to hang out with you. Give us a shout out in the comments if we're coming through your area
Yeah
Converting a van is a really fun process whether you're gonna live in it or whatever your end goal is I highly recommend it
It's been a great experience for us
If you have any questions about the van build itself trend here could answer all of them
I would be happy to point you in history
You guys have any questions about the build by any of the specific products?
Like I said earlier
I'll put links to all the products
in the description
below if you want to shoot me any questions in the comments that you have about building a van or how to get started or
Basically any questions along the way I'm more than willing to help
Also, it's usually quicker to get a response from us on Instagram
So if you jump over to instagram and search tnt MTB shoot us a message on there
That's usually a quicker way to get a response than on youtube
Frank wants to thank you for watching this video and Frank says smash the like button
Make sure you subscribe
He's biting me, but that he's he's controlling my arm to tell you guys to like and subscribe
Please please just like and subscribe
Thank you boy